Shit
Damn Wan Jiaqi made me miserable
I'm not done with him
Calm down and shut up
What does it have to do with you?
Let you talk without back pain
You forgot that it's the kid with the last name Wan
Help me now with nothing
You and the young master are not much better
Pretend to be a pig with me
I can't wait to skin the tiger
The young master is angry
Butler Wan, you are finally here
We were all given by that old thing Chu Guohui
If you deceive us, you have to help us.
I already know about Amami
I'm here this time for this matter
I don't understand what you mean.
The family is divided into two factions according to different opinions
One faction supports Yingkui Young Master Wan Jiaqi
And make him the future heir of the Wanjia family
What about the other faction?
So what did they say?
The other faction is also a high-ranking member of Wanjia
They have a hard time accepting new things from outside
And they think
Thousands of enterprises have become the party and power of their owners
There will be uncertainties in the future
They affect everyone's vested interests
So? So they think
Nip this fresh bud in Rao Ren